Let's try another test here in pizza.test.jsx.
Test to have default image if none is provided.
Some of you might be looking at this like,
but Brian, it doesn't have a default image.
It's like, yeah, we've discovered a bug in our code.
Async.
And I'm gonna say something quite similar, const screen.
You could probably even just copy and paste this
if you wanted to.
And just dump source here, right?
You don't want that.
And we want name to be something else.
And I'm just gonna put something else
because I'm not feeling clever at the moment.
So notice that this has no image
despite the fact that it expects one.
And so I'm gonna say const image equals screen.
Again, you can do this.
And we're going to say we expect
image.source not to be blank.
Blank.
Now, if we look at our thing, obviously it is, right?
There we go.
That gives you a bunch of just helper stuff
to figure out what it needs here.
But it tells you this is not working.
Notice it's also saying something about this, right?
Does my favorite pizza pick some?
This doesn't make any sense, right?
This was from the former test, right?
Why is that?
It's because screen is stateful and we didn't reset it.
And that's why I'm putting this in here
because I constantly forget to reset it.
And I know you all are gonna constantly forget
to reset it as well.
So I want you to share in my pain mostly.
This has been just a long con to make people suffer.
So we're gonna clean up after ourselves.
Inside of vitest here, we're gonna grab,
or set it in vitest, but rather testing library react,
the cleanup function.
And then from vitest, we also need after each.
And then you just gotta do one little, tiny,
very easy thing after each cleanup.
And now if we go back,
this is gonna be a much cleaner error, right?
It doesn't have all that other stuff.
This is just basically telling,
hey, after each one of these tests,
run the testing library react to clean up itself.
You might be looking at this like,
why do I have to plumb this?
This doesn't make a ton of sense to me.
It's because testing library react
doesn't know when each test starts or finishes.
It's not the same thing as vitest, right?
It's a separate library and it's usable across Mocha
and all the other testing harnesses.
So you just have to give it like, hey, I'm done.
You also could have done, I'm pretty sure,
something like this,
and just called it right there.
And I think this would have also worked.
Yeah, right, so you can manually call it as well.
This is just nice with vitest to say like,
hey, after every single thing,
please reset testing library back to where it was.
Okay, so that works,
but our test is still failing, obviously.
So let's go modify pizza then to say,
if there is an image, use it.
Otherwise, use our little picksum.photo slash 200.
picksum.photo slash 200.
This 200 just means it's a 200 by 200 square.
You guessed it if you wanted a three by 300 square.
I think if you wanted like a three by 200, it's like this.
It's useful, I use it from time to time for prototyping.
So now, source will have something here
if you didn't pass in an image.
And in theory, our testing suite should be passing now.
It is, so there we go.
Why are our tests in here having the asynchronous functions
if our pizza does not have any asynchronous calls to it?
That's a good question.
Let's look at the,
so the very first answer to your question is,
I just always make it async
because later I might add asynchronous things.
I don't remember, we don't have anything in here
that we have to wait for.
So no, this one we don't have to.
You really could take these out.
I'm not mistaken, right?
It actually doesn't depend on those being async.
But so frequently I end up adding async things later.
I'm like, why is this not working?
It's like, oh yeah, I gotta go add the async.
Because as soon as you put like, I don't know,
a wait here or something like that,
it's gonna say it failed and I'll be like, why did it fail?
Oh, well, at least it gives you a nice error message, right?
But so in this particular case,
the answer to your question is force a habit.
There's no downside here because Vitest handles both.